{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have a dream. And here it is. In this dream, I see a World, where community, & corporations, work together. Corporations fuel the community, & in return, the community thrives & fuels corporations right back. Corporations fuel the community with opportunity, & resources. The community generates innovation, & skilled laborers in return. \'93Why is this necessary?\'94 some may be asking themselves right now. \'93Don\'92t we have schools?\'94, \'93Don\'92t people have jobs?\'94, \'93Don\'92t corporations provide products, & services?\'94. \'93Doesn\'92t the World as we know it function, & make sense?\'94. \'93Isn\'92t our World fair, & just? For all?\'94. My reply is, no, it is not. Educational opportunity is not equal, career options are not equal, & even corporations suffer from droughts. Skilled laborer droughts, financial droughts, & the shackles of political bureaucratic  regulation, & red tape. I believe corporate sponsored \'93makerspaces\'94 are the answer to this societal equation needing balance. Hear me out. This is my dream. This dream may not be suitable for the entire planet (or maybe it is?) but the United States of America could greatly benefit from a public-community-corporate-sponsored-maker-space-movement. Maker spaces are about creation, experimentation, innovation, & ultimately evolution. Does America plan on becoming China? Are we regressing into the industrial revolution all over again? Are we going to be a nation of factory workers? Or are we going to embrace reality? That we are an information nation. That we are a nation of makers. We communicate, through written word, through imagery, through sound, through physical expression. America is filled with athletes, rockstars, & beautiful people. People that deserve to be documented. Spectacular people. We are also filled with fanatics. People that truly idolize their idols. But we\'92re not stupid. We do not blindly follow those that seem to be flawless, we demand flawlessness. Democracy has made us this way. We all believe we have a say, have a vote if you will, in events, & decisions, political or otherwise, that affect us. We are a sensitive, & emotional people, if we get pricked, we bleed, & maybe cry a little too. But so long as we get our antiseptic, & bandage, our lives will go on. But deny us our right to basic human needs, & there will be hell to pay. There may be a protest downtown, there may be phone calls to elected representatives, or there may just be upset Tweets. Regardless, we are a nation of communicators, with many important things to communicate, & usually not enough ways express ourselves fully. We try our best to make use of the fantastic advantages technology has offered us, but end up shooting emoticons back & forth, like futuristic ancient Egyptians. How sad. How fucking sad. What if we lived in a World where Public Access Television, Community Radio, Guerrilla Journalism, & entrepreneurship, were the way of life? What if YouTube, SoundCloud, Instagram, Twitter, Amazon, representing video, audio, still image, text, communication, & commerce, could help the physical World, as much as they have improved the digital one? What if I could go to a YouTube Makerspace, & find a community of video experts, producers, using video equipment, in an environment, that could truly fuel my creative abilities, & desires? What if the local sports team really deserves a great video. What if they deserve a great video of every game? What if they all do? What if we could follow local sports, as well as we follow professional & college sports? Wouldn\'92t that be something? I wonder if that kind of thing would make a community closer, bring people together, really make people care about something real. What if SoundCloud could sponsor Audio Makerspaces, where talented musicians could go, & experience recording equipment, & the people that know how to use it? Talented musicians that have never been heard before, except by random passersby while busking for change? Given a chance to possibly make, or learn to make, a recording that in a professional studio would costs thousands upon thousands of dollars. A recording that SoundCloud could expose the entire World to. What if Amazon.com could sponsor entrepreneurship makerspaces, where not only creative folks, but just plain industrious go-getters, could fine tune their ability to generate income from their God given gifts, or just some retail arbitrage spotted with a keen eye. What if an entire generation of underprivileged people, could gain information age skills, & finally be able to provide America with the so called \'93skilled laborers\'94 that have been in short supply for so long?\
Let me tell you a story. A story about public access television. I was not middle class growing up. I was poor. The income my parents brought home was minimal. Minimal enough to say we lived in poverty. Luckily, we found ways to survive. Wether it was living on credit & declaring bankruptcy, or living on photocopied Jack In The Box coupons from when they were giving away free sandwiches to gain back trust after the mad cow disease deaths affecting Americans, we survived however we could. I survived to become an adult. On the journey to manhood, I discovered public access television. I suffered from physical, & mental disabilities, & public school was very very difficult for me. Sometimes my asthma would turn to bronchitis, & I\'92d be forced to miss weeks of school. No matter how much I tried to study & \'93catch up\'94, I would always reach a point, where I had just fallen too far behind in the material to keep up pace with the class. I would end up moving onto the next grade, with large gaps of critical knowledge. Mathematical concepts build upon each other. If one needs to reduce a fraction quickly & accurately, one needs to understand least common multiples for example. Of course one doesn\'92t have to, there are crude ways to obtain correct answers half of the time, but going through life with half a head of knowledge, half the time being correct & the other half incorrect, well, it\'92s frustrating. Especially for a \'93gifted learning-disabled\'94 child. Basically I was ADD (not ADHD) excelling in areas that interested me because of my slightly higher than average IQ, but failing miserably at subjects I could not grasp, or had no interest in. If only I\'92d had some ritilin, or adderall to force my mind to focus on subjects seeming dull to me, I could have overcome my disadvantages, but still, the horrors of poverty had left me hopeless before I had even hit puberty. My Father nearly died of alcoholism from a bleeding stomach ulcer. I hadn\'92t seen him for a year when I was in the 4th grade. He was on the heaviest bender of his life, consuming at least a 5th sized bottle of hard liquor a day, with many beers to go along with it as well. He began spitting up blood one month, & having stomach pains, but by the end of that month he was vomiting blood. When I reunited with him, he had just been revived from 30 seconds of death. Blood filled balloons hanging from I.V. racks, replacing nearly all the blood in his body that he had spewed up. Pints upon pints. It felt good to hug him in his hospital bed, & cry. I suppose the rich & middle class tell stories like this sometimes, but, I don\'92t know what to say. I dropped out of middle school. I stole $7.00 on photo day & got busted. Every kid in my class hated me for that incident, so I refused to go back to school. There was little that could be done to fix the messed up academic life I had led up to this point, so I dropped out & became home schooled. In conjunction with home schooling, I became a television producer at Tucson Community Cable Corporation, the youngest producer ever there up until that point. I won awards for my crowning achievement \'93Video Games & More\'94. A program that was half video game walkthroughs, & half call in viewers. I had learned to work a video camera (field & studio), I had learned to edit tape A-B roll style (always paying close attention to my Time Base Corrector to achieve optimal video quality & resolution), I had learned to make on screen titles utilizing the character generator (at first on a Quanta machine, but then graduating up to Amiga computer graphics including the Video \'93Toaster\'94), I learned to work audio mixing boards starting small & working up to a full sized studio mixer, & sitting in the directors chair operating a Grass Valley Switcher console was the ultimate feeling of power & control for me, & most adult as well. I possessed the knowledge to light a studio properly, but this was a chore as it required upper body strength, & height was helpful too, neither of witch I had in abundance. I made many many many friends & associates at the public access television studio. There were many radical people there, marijuana advocates, UFO & extraterrestrial enthusiasts, homosexuals, Rocky Horror Picture Show enthusiasts, religious followers of all types, hippies, activists, generation X youth, & musicians, amongst others. Nobody really cared that I was a little kid, they were all too busy being weird, & also trying to spread/disseminate whatever important message that had led them to the way of mass media television. When a person has an important message to share, they will go to great lengths to get it heard. Sometimes they pay money for crew members (if they can), or sometimes they work on other peoples shows to make friends & secure the available free time of crew members. T.V. production was supposed to be all volunteers in theory, paying people was sort of against the rules, but the religious types typically paid good, so I enjoyed working those programs when the opportunity arose. HAHA! Hey, ten dollars an hour was fantastic at eleven years old. The fact is though, everything I did, & everything I learned, made me a better, more functional member of my community. I learned how to negotiate my rates when I got paid. When I produced my show, I learned how to ask for help, offer help in return, & basically organize a crew. Still to this day I can only organize a crew of people I know. I\'92m terrible at asking strangers for help, unless they\'92ve posted an ad on a bulletin board (or Craigslist for that matter). Sometimes it was possible to get paying gigs, working a wedding filming, or creating an advertisement for some community group. Sometimes I was receive awards from the City. Like the time I got a plaque congratulating me on my excellent service to the community by making a public service announcement for \'93Pledge a Job\'94, an at-risk youth employment program. I felt smug, even though I would have been an at risk youth at that exact moment, had it not been for the public access television studio. I must have spent eight years of my life off & on involved in television production, before life began to eat up all my time. Employment at an internet service provider, a girlfriend that insisted we get engaged for marriage, a punk rock band, all added up to a lot of time that I couldn\'92t spend on working others programs anymore. But the skills I had acquired there (technical, & social) prepared me for the \'93real World\'94 better than school had up to that point. Luckily I got a Pell Grant & pursued computer science (& a few media arts credits) in college. Somehow I always thought I\'92d end up making video for a living, but I never figured out how. I thought I\'92d get a job at a local TV station, doing something, but I ended up getting hired by internet people instead of television people, so I stopped taking media classes & completely focused on computer science.\
}